hi everyone this is David from geek
Android's and this is my unboxing and
first impressions of the Nokia Lumia 720
now this is no Kia's latest phone in the
range isn't there topping phone which is
of course - 920 this is their mid-range
offering and it has a 4.3 inch screen
IPS display and also a six point seven
megapixel camera so a little bit of a
different offering but they are saying
it offers up really good battery life so
in this video I'm going to unbox it and
then I'm also gonna just let you know
how it feels in the hand give you a
little flavor of the actual design of
this so let's unbox this there we go
mmm nicely presented very nicely
presented this is how it comes sort of
shown in the box
we've got a little tab to pull up to
remove and Wow covered in plastic at the
moment and they've sent me the blue one
never ever ever had a blue phone before
so really the color is it's like a cyan
blue look at that let me just put that
down underneath the phone we have got a
little sim removal at all and then we've
got another compartment under here which
doesn't contain much about again nicely
presented in the box there we have got a
UK power charger so three pin UK plug on
this end and then on this side we've got
the USB connection then we've got a USB
cable so full-size USB on this end here
and then micro USB on this end to go
into the phone and then we have got a
pair of headphones or earphones and they
have got a built-in microphone as well
so it was all hands-free kit standard
sort of thing you get with a phone I'll
let you know what I think of those when
I've actually used a little bit as well
let's just pop all that to one side and
have a look at 720 Wow let me just
remove this plastic so we've got
stick covering it and it just slides out
like so and it's turned on I must have
touched the bun because it's actually
powered up now this weighs 128 grams are
called in to the specifications and it
feels so nice that is really nice I tell
you why it feels nice because some of
the Lumias are sort of a high-gloss
finish and this is like a matte finish
it's not rubberized it's a silky matte
finish that is a really nice color as
well striking bright cyan blue color now
on the back there you can obviously see
the nokia logo we've got the camera and
the flash on this side here and then
we've got some little contacts there as
well
that's going to be for sort of charging
and also little speaker grille just up
in this corner really really nice nicely
laid out now on the top edge we've got
the sim card tray on that top edge
there's a little pin hole where you're
gonna put that sim removal tool in like
the three-and-a-half millimeter audio
jack and then on this side we've got
power button volume up and down and BOTS
probably a quick shortcut button to the
camera and then on the bottom edge we've
got the little microphone pinhole
microphone and the micro USB connector
so I just paused the video there so I
could run through the setup procedure on
the Lumia 720 so that I could get to
show you the user interface and it's
finished sitting up now so I'll show you
that in a short while before I do that I
just want to mention that these little
contacts here you know there were three
little silver contacts on the back there
now they're on the back so you can buy
an additional cover it's a wireless
charging cover very very strange it's
not available in blue surveiling like
white red yellow or just look behind me
yeah white red yellow and black rather
than being available in the blue so
maybe the blue one will come later but
with that accessory back on you can
charge this wirelessly as what those
three noir contacts are for and it feels
just really beautifully made now I love
my Lumia 920 I think the only thing
that's laid down is
the lack of apps and I hate to say this
in the unboxing video but I really do
wish that Nokia would do Lumia and put
Google Android on it that would be the
best of both worlds because this is
built so nicely this is brilliant I love
the finish on it anyway this is the
interface this is what the windows told
interface looks like and I've said this
in previous videos is so fluid it works
absolutely lovely we just give that your
closer look at that it's just such a
nice design and these tile is actually
live update with information and I
really do love Windows Phone as an
operating system it's just the apps that
need to catch up with the hardware that
Nokia is pushing out so that's it this
is the Lumia 720 that's my unboxing and
first look and I'll let you know in
update videos how I'm getting along with
this and and really just let you know
how it's performing how the battery is
going and whether the app selections
improving as well I'll let you know all
that in a future video
but for now thank you very much for
watching my unboxing and first
impressions of the Lumia 720 which have
been really good it's the lovely piece
of hardware please do hit like on this
video please subscribe and I'll see you
all in the next one